# Installation Instructions #

Simply download and run the setup installer (after verfiying the digital signature and/or hashes, of course). It's as simple as that. The installer allows you to choose a number of options, such as which modules to install (the Windows application, the console programs, help files, etc.) and what shortcuts to create. Uninstalling is just as easy; either run the uninstall program from the Start menu or remove the program through the Add/Remove Programs interface.

In theory, WinHasher _should_ be able to be used in a "portable" fashion which does not require installation. All the installer really does is set up WinHasher in a predictable (yet user-customizable) location and optionally creates "Send to" shortcuts and adds the install path to the Windows PATH. In order to use WinHasher as a portable app, download and uncompress the binary-only archive linked above. Note that the DLL must be in the same location as the executables, as it contains the core hashing engine for all the programs. Copy these files to your portable media and you can then run the WinHasher executables anywhere you wish.

There are, however a few caveats to point out with using WinHasher in a portable manner:

  * The context menu "Send to" shortcuts will not be available as these are created by the installer. You can, however, drag-and-drop files onto the GUI app or specify the file(s) to hash on the GUI app or console app command lines.
  * Beginning with version 1.4, WinHasher stores your last used settings in the Windows registry. These settings are benign, but remain after the program closes. The uninstaller offers to delete these registry keys when the application is uninstalled, but the uninstaller is not available if the installer is not used. Thus, if you use WinHasher as a portable app, you will have to manually delete these registry keys if you want to maintain a completely zero-impact portable status. These registry keys may be found in `HKCU\Software\GPF Comics\WinHasher`. Note that the registry keys are only created by the GUI application in GUI mode and not by the console apps, nor by the GUI app when executed in command-line mode.