# Version History #

  * **Version 1.0:** Initial release
  * **Version 1.1:** Improved GUI responsiveness by moving the actual hashing operations into a `System.ComponentModel.BackgroundWorker` object, so the hashing takes place in a different thread than the GUI. Now the GUI (regardless of whether the main window is opened or the process is launched by a "Send To" shortcut) will display an "in progress" dialog box to let you know that it's actually working. Before, hashes of really big files (say, several gigabyte DVD ISOs) seemed to disappear into nowhere, with no indication that the program was doing anything. The progress dialog includes a cancel button to allow the user to abort the operation while it is in progress. Unfortunately, there's no way to indicate how far along we are in an individual hash, an artifact of the `System.Security.Cryptography.HashAlgorithm` implementation. Comparisons will display a progress bar, but that only tells how many files of the batch have been hashed so far.
  * **Version 1.2:** Improved multi-threaded progress dialog box so now all operations display a percentage complete. Previous, this only occurred in multi-file comparisons. This is really helpful when hashing really big files (like CD or DVD ISOs or uncompressed video) or comparing multiple large files. Operations can be cancelled by clicking the Cancel button.
  * **Version 1.3:** Added Hash Text tab to hash arbitrary text. All modes now support Base64 output as well as hexadecimal.
  * **Version 1.4:** Added Bubble Babble and upper-case hexadecimal output; made SHA-1 default algorithm (as MD5 is no longer secure); added ability to turn tooltip help on or off; preferences saved to Windows registry on exit and restored on next load
  * **Version 1.5:** Fixed a bug in the hashing engine where the accidental use of a 32-bit integer forced files larger than 2GB to cause WinHasher to crash. WinHasher now uses a 64-bit integer for all file size calculations, so hashes can be computed on any combination of files (single or multiple) where the total data size does not exceed 8.05EB (exabytes). Also added a "Compare To" field in both the GUI Hash Single File tab and the "Send To" shortcut result dialog that lets you paste pre-computed hashes copied from another source (such as a Web site) into this field and WinHasher will compare the two hashes for you. A color-coded textual confirmation of success or failure will be displayed.
  * **Version 1.6:** Added progress indicator for console applications. Added "case kludge" for comparison fields; when an externally-produeced hash is pasted into a comparison field and a hash output type is used that does not contain mixed case (currently everything except Base64), the pasted-in value is forced to match the same case as the output type. Otherwise, hash results being compared that match in every way except case will fail the comparison. Fixed bug where icons were not displaying properly.
  * **Version 1.6.1:** Bug fix for [Issue 4](https://code.google.com/p/winhasher/issues/detail?id=4).
  * **Version 1.6.2:** Bug fixes for [Issue 5](https://code.google.com/p/winhasher/issues/detail?id=5) and [Issue 6](https://code.google.com/p/winhasher/issues/detail?id=6).