#summary Security precautions for using WinHasher
#labels Phase-Support

= Disclaimers =

Please read the [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html WinHasher license]  for complete licensing information. WinHasher is released under the GNU General Public License version 2, which outlines information concerning its use, redistribution, and warranties. Please read this license fully before using this application.

WinHasher includes code taken from the [http://www.bouncycastle.org/csharp/ Legion of the Bouncy Castle C# Crypto API], which is released under the [http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php MIT X11 License]. The full source for the Bouncy Castle code can be obtained from their site; the portions included within WinHasher are included in all our source distributions.

It should be noted that cryptographic hashes and digests do _*NOT*_ guarantee authenticity or ownership of digital files. Hashes and digests should _*NOT*_ be confused with digital signatures, which verify both file integrity and the authenticity of the file's creator. Hashes and digests _*ONLY*_ guarantee that the file has not been altered or corrupted in transit, and it is trivial for a hacker to alter both a file and the displayed hash if a remote site is hacked. If both integrity and authenticity are required, please use an application such as [http://www.pgp.com/ PGP] or [http://www.gnupg.org/ GnuPG] to create and/or verify digital signatures.

After releasing WinHasher, it came to my attention that there already exists a separate WinHasher application that performs a similar function. Our application was independently developed and is unrelated to the other application by the same name, published by "Morgud" and available on many shareware/freeware download sites. To our knowledge the other application is no longer maintained (its domain name seems to have elapsed). I make no claims of trademark on the name "WinHasher" and from my understanding, neither has the other application's developer. Since my application came second, I will happily defer and rename my WinHasher if the other developer asserts ownership of the name. However, since names can mean a great deal in today's world of search engines, I will continue to use the name unless explicitly asked to change it by the other application's developer. You can find the other WinHasher by [http://www.google.com/search?q=WinHasher searching for "WinHasher" at Google] and going to any of the shareware/freeware download sites listed. My WinHasher is currently only available at this Google Code site.