#summary Where to download the latest and legacy versions of WinHasher

Google Code has disabled the ability to host downloadable files for projects hosted here. Below you will find links for downloading versions of WinHasher after this new policy took effect. As always, we strongly recommend that you use the latest version of WinHasher whenever possible. Since WinHasher may be considered a security application, we do not recommend the use of older deprecated releases unless you encounter a problem with the latest release that you cannot work around. Of course, if you encounter such a problem, we strongly suggest you report the issue in our [http://code.google.com/p/winhasher/issues/list Issue tracker] so we can fix it.

Older versions of WinHahser can be found at the [http://code.google.com/p/winhasher/downloads/list Downloads] link in the project menu bar above. Note that since these old versions are considered deprecated, the list will appear empty when you first load that page. Select "All downloads" from the Search drop-down list and click the Search button to see the entire list.

The following links point to the latest version of the WinHasher download files hosted on Google Drive. The GnuPG signature and SHA-1 hash for each file can also be found below. Jeff's current GnuPG signature can be found [https://www.gpf-comics.com/gnupg.php here].

= Version 1.6.2 =

|| *Download Type* || *GnuPG Signature* || *SHA-1 Hash* || *Size ||
|| [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5FildTlVHWjBRSnAxaUE Windows Installer] || [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5FildRUVKNVRiRWtNcTQ Signature] || 6620fae809b7fecb6dc18335065199d4a479cd88 || 389kb ||
|| [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5FilddFFOaEktLVpFbWc Binaries w/o Installer] || [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5Fildcm9vX3BCT25NTHc Signature] || f5bc900380e3fb68f16f73e1dad4b867e3a34086 || 91kb ||
|| [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5FildR2FrVHBqOW82bkk Source Archive] || [https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=0B55ltyq5FildVXhvOVM1c2lwU2c Signature] || a8d7ff8f65415635900c418252f38191ae5da8b4 || 142kb ||

<wiki:comment>
How to make download links (from http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/drive/5p_KUmaTfJE):

1) Go to Jeff's personal Google Drive folders and go to Project Downloads, then WinHasher.
2) Right-click the file to download and choose Share, then Share again.
3) Get the Link to Share URL and copy it. Click Done to close the dialog.
4) Isolate the ID part of the URL and paste it onto the end of this URL: https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=
5) Use this link for the download links on the page.
</wiki:comment>