#summary Notes about external download mirrors (i.e. not Google Code)

= External Download Mirrors =

It has come to our attention that a number of third-party freeware distribution sites have started redistributing WinHasher. WinHasher is and should remain free to redistribute so long as both the binaries and source code are available, so this practice is officially permitted by the WinHasher license (the GPLv2). However, while we certainly have no problems with this practice in general, we officially caution users about downloading and installing this software from such sites.

This Google Code site is and shall remain for the foreseeable future the official distribution channel for WinHasher. If you find WinHasher on any other site, be advised that these sites are redistributing this program without any form of explicit consent. While we make every effort to ensure that the official binaries and source code released here contain no viruses or malware, it is impossible for us to similarly vet any third-party site. It is entirely possible a third-party distributor may modify our binaries and/or source to introduce malware before redistributing the code.

The only way to validate any third-party distributor would be to compare their offered download of WinHasher against the copies distributed on this site, either by comparing cryptographic hashes of both files (MD5, SHA-1, etc.), or ideally checking the third-party file against the GnuPG signature offered here. If the digest or signature does not match, the third-party distributor should not be trusted and the file downloaded from their site should be securely destroyed. If the digest or signature does match, the distributor may be trusted _with caution_ and _for that download only._ Each new version release should be tested individually.

With this in mind, if you are interesting in redistributing WinHasher, please let us know. We always like to know where our software is being used.